ADD/FEVM for node operator Advanced Config (#494)
filecoin-project/lotus-docs: content/en/lotus/configure/Ethereum RPC.md

---
title: "Ethereum RPC"
description: "Version 1.20.0 introduces FEVM services for Lotus node."
draft: false
menu:
    lotus:
        parent: "lotus-configure"
weight: 320
toc: true
---

## FEVM

FEVM is a new feature in Lotus that allows node operators to run Ethereum smart contracts on the Filecoin network. By enabling FEVM in your Lotus node, you can create new use cases for the Filecoin network and integrate it with existing Ethereum applications.

### EnableEthRPC

To enable the service set the value below to `true`:

```toml
[Fevm]
  # EnableEthRPC enables eth_ rpc, and enables storing a mapping of eth transaction hashes to filecoin message Cids.
  # This will also enable the RealTimeFilterAPI and HistoricFilterAPI by default, but they can be disabled by config options above.
  #
  # type: bool
  # env var: LOTUS_FEVM_ENABLEETHRPC
   EnableEthRPC = true
```

> ### FEVM in Lotus
> 
> Once you have enabled FEVM, you can start using it to interact with Ethereum smart contracts. To do so, you can use any Ethereum client library that supports JSON-RPC over HTTP or WebSocket, such as web3.js or ethers.js.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have enabled EthRPC in your Lotus node, you can start using it to interact with Ethereum smart contracts. To do so, you can use any Ethereum client library that supports JSON-RPC over HTTP or WebSocket, such as web3.js or ethers.js.
```

```

### Environment variables

- `LOTUS_FEVM_ENABLEETHRPC`: Enables the Eth RPC feature and allows storing a mapping of Eth transaction hashes to Filecoin message CIDs.
- `LOTUS_FEVM_ETHTXHASHMAPPINGLIFETIMEDAYS`: The number of days after which a transaction hash lookup database will delete mappings that have been stored.
- `LOTUS_FEVM_EVENTS_DISABLEREALTIMEFILTERAPI` : Disables the RealTimeFilterAPI that can create and query filters for actor events as they are emitted. 
- `LOTUS_FEVM_EVENTS_DISABLEHISTORICFILTERAPI` : Disables the HistoricFilterAPI that can create and query filters for actor events that occurred in the past.
- `LOTUS_FEVM_EVENTS_MAXFILTERS` : Maximum number of filters that can exist at any one time.
- `LOTUS_FEVM_EVENTS_MAXFILTERRESULTS` : Maximum number of results that can be accumulated by an actor event filter.
- `LOTUS_FEVM_EVENTS_MAXFILTERHEIGHTRANGE` : Maximum range of heights that can be used in a filter to avoid querying the entire chain.
- `LOTUS_FEVM_EVENTS_DATABASEPATH` : The full path to a SQLite database that will be used to index actor events to support the HistoricFilterAPI. If the database does not exist, it will be created. 

> ### Utilities
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Utilities

The Lotus command line interface also has a new set of commands that allow you to interact with the Filecoin EVM runtime:
```
